c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\Loja.UI.dll.config
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\Loja.UI.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\Loja.UI.pdb
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\obj\Debug\Loja.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\obj\Debug\Loja.UI.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\obj\Debug\Loja.UI.pdb
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\Loja.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\Loja.pdb
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\Aldo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\estudo\Loja\Loja\Loja.UI\bin\AutoMapper.xml
